README.md, before:

# LLM Council Plugin for Claude Code

![LLM Council Header](header.png)

A multi-model consensus engine that integrates OpenAI Codex CLI, Google Gemini CLI, and Claude CLI for collaborative code review and problem-solving.

## Overview

The LLM Council summons multiple AI models to deliberate on your technical questions. Each model provides its perspective, reviews its peers' answers, and a chairman synthesizes everything into a final verdict.

### How It Works

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    LLM COUNCIL WORKFLOW                      │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                             │
│  Stage 1: Opinion Collection (Parallel)                     │
│  ┌─────────┐   ┌─────────┐   ┌─────────┐                   │
│  │ Claude  │   │  Codex  │   │ Gemini  │                   │
│  └────┬────┘   └────┬────┘   └────┬────┘                   │
│       │             │             │                         │
│       v             v             v                         │
│  Stage 2: Peer Review (Cross-examination)                   │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────┐                   │
│  │ Each model reviews others' answers  │                   │
│  └─────────────────────────────────────┘                   │
│                      │                                      │
│                      v                                      │
│  Stage 3: Chairman Synthesis                                │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────┐                   │
│  │ Claude Opus synthesizes the verdict │                   │
│  └─────────────────────────────────────┘                   │
│                                                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

You need at least one CLI installed. For full council functionality, install all three:

| CLI | Installation | Required |
|-----|--------------|----------|
| Claude | [code.claude.com](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/setup) | Yes |
| Codex | `npm install -g @openai/codex` | No |
| Gemini | `npm install -g @google/gemini-cli` | No |

### Installation

For a full installation and debugging walkthrough, see `docs/INSTALL.md`.

#### Option A: Install via Marketplace (Recommended)

In Claude Code, run these commands:

```bash
# Add the marketplace
/plugin marketplace add xrf9268-hue/llm-council-plugin

# Install the plugin
/plugin install llm-council-plugin@llm-council
```

Alternatively, you can add via Git URL:
```bash
/plugin marketplace add https://github.com/xrf9268-hue/llm-council-plugin.git
```

#### Option B: Local Development

Clone this repo and make scripts executable:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/xrf9268-hue/llm-council-plugin.git .claude-plugins/llm-council
chmod +x .claude-plugins/llm-council/hooks/*.sh .claude-plugins/llm-council/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/*.sh
```

#### ⚠️ Troubleshooting Hook Issues

If you see errors like **"BLOCKED: Detected potentially dangerous pattern: &&"**, your cached plugin is outdated.

**Quick fix:**
```bash
# Run diagnostic script
./scripts/verify-plugin-version.sh

# Or manually update cache
rm -rf ~/.claude/plugins/cache/llm-council-plugin
# Then reinstall the plugin
```

See [docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) for comprehensive troubleshooting guidance.

### Usage

#### Using the Slash Command

In Claude Code, use the `/council` command:

```
/council "How should I implement rate limiting in a Node.js API?"
```

Each `/council` run:

- Resets the `.council/` working directory for this session.
- Runs opinion collection, peer review, and chairman synthesis.
- Displays the final report in chat and saves it to `.council/final_report.md`.

When you no longer need files from previous sessions, you can clean up with:

```
/council-cleanup
```

#### Using the Skill Directly

Invoke the `council-orchestrator` skill for more control:

```
Use the council-orchestrator skill to answer: "What's the best approach for database connection pooling?"
```

#### Running Scripts Manually

For debugging or customization:

```bash
# Resolve plugin root (works for both local dev and marketplace installations)
PLUGIN_ROOT="${COUNCIL_PLUGIN_ROOT:-${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT:-${CLAUDE_PROJECT_DIR}}}"

# Stage 1: Collect opinions
"${PLUGIN_ROOT}/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/run_parallel.sh" "Your question here"

# Stage 2: Run peer reviews
"${PLUGIN_ROOT}/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/run_peer_review.sh" "Your question here" .council

# Stage 3: Generate chairman prompt
"${PLUGIN_ROOT}/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/run_chairman.sh" "Your question here" .council
```

## Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `/council <query>` | Summon the council for a technical question |
| `/council-cleanup` | Delete the `.council/` working directory and all session files |
| `/council-help` | Display usage information and examples |
| `/council-status` | Check CLI availability and configuration |
| `/council-config` | Manage council settings |

## Configuration

Configuration is stored in `~/.council/config`. Available settings:

| Setting | Default | Description |
|---------|---------|-------------|
| `enabled_members` | `claude,codex,gemini` | Which CLIs to use |
| `min_quorum` | `2` | Minimum responses required |
| `timeout` | `120` | CLI timeout in seconds |
| `max_prompt_length` | `10000` | Maximum prompt length |

### Example Configuration

```bash
# Resolve path to council_utils.sh
PLUGIN_ROOT="${COUNCIL_PLUGIN_ROOT:-${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT:-${CLAUDE_PROJECT_DIR}}}"
source "${PLUGIN_ROOT}/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/council_utils.sh"

# Enable only Claude and Codex
config_set enabled_members "claude,codex"

# Adjust timeout
config_set timeout 180
```

## Output Files

During execution, the council creates files in the `.council/` directory:

```
.council/
├── stage1_claude.txt      # Claude's initial response
├── stage1_openai.txt      # Codex's initial response
├── stage1_gemini.txt      # Gemini's initial response
├── stage2_review_claude.txt   # Claude's peer review
├── stage2_review_openai.txt   # Codex's peer review
├── stage2_review_gemini.txt   # Gemini's peer review
└── final_report.md        # Chairman's synthesized verdict
```

The `.council/` directory always represents the **most recent** `/council` run. A new `/council` invocation will reset this directory before starting a fresh session, so previous session files are never mixed into a new deliberation. Use `/council-cleanup` if you want to remove the directory entirely when you no longer need the latest session's files.

## Final Report Format

The chairman produces a structured Markdown report:

```markdown
# LLM Council Verdict

## Executive Summary
[One-paragraph overview of the consensus]

## Council Participation
| Member | Status | Key Position |
|--------|--------|--------------|
| Claude | Present | ... |
| Codex  | Present | ... |
| Gemini | Absent  | N/A |

## Consensus Points
- Point 1
- Point 2

## Areas of Disagreement
### Topic 1
- Claude: [position]
- Codex: [position]

## Final Recommendation
[Synthesized answer incorporating all perspectives]
```

## Graceful Degradation

The council handles failures gracefully:

- **One CLI unavailable**: Council proceeds with remaining members
- **Empty response**: Member marked as "absent" in report
- **Timeout**: Member terminated and marked absent
- **Rate limits**: Automatic retry with exponential backoff

### Quorum Requirements

- Minimum 2 responses required for peer review stage
- Council can produce a verdict with just 1 response (degraded mode)
- Missing members are clearly noted in the final report

## Testing

Run the test suite:

```bash
# Run all tests (council + hooks)
./tests/test_runner.sh

# Run hook tests separately
./tests/test_hooks.sh

# Run specific test category
./tests/test_runner.sh unit_council_init
./tests/test_runner.sh partial_failure_simulation
```

### Test Categories

- `unit_*` - Unit tests for utility functions
- `integration_*` - Script existence and permissions
- `happy_path_*` - Full flow with real CLIs
- `edge_*` - Edge cases (empty prompts, special characters)
- `partial_failure_*` - Simulated CLI failures
- `total_failure_*` - Complete failure scenarios

## Troubleshooting

**For comprehensive troubleshooting guidance, see [docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md).**

### Common Issues

#### "Claude CLI is required but not available"

Install the Claude Code CLI:

```bash
# Visit https://code.claude.com/docs/en/setup for installation instructions
```

#### "Quorum not met"

At least 2 responses are needed for peer review. Check:

1. Are the CLIs properly authenticated?
2. Are there rate limit issues?
3. Check `.council/stage1_*.txt` files for error messages

#### "Empty response from [CLI]"

The CLI returned nothing. Common causes:

- Authentication expired
- Rate limit exceeded
- Network issues

Check the output file for error details:

```bash
cat .council/stage1_claude.txt
```

#### Hooks Not Running

Ensure hooks are configured in `hooks/hooks.json` and scripts are executable:

```bash
chmod +x hooks/session-start.sh hooks/pre-tool.sh hooks/post-tool.sh
```

See [hooks/README.md](hooks/README.md) for detailed hook troubleshooting.

## Security

### Input Validation

Prompts are validated for:
- Shell injection patterns (backticks, `$()`, pipes)
- Maximum length (10,000 characters default)
- Null bytes

### Output Sanitization

Post-execution hooks check for:
- API key leakage
- Rate limit indicators
- Error patterns

## Architecture

### Project Structure

```
llm-council-plugin/
├── .claude-plugin/
│   ├── plugin.json              # Plugin manifest
│   └── marketplace.json         # Marketplace metadata
├── agents/                      # Sub-agent definitions (chairman, etc.)
├── commands/                    # Slash commands (/council, /council-cleanup, ...)
├── skills/
│   └── council-orchestrator/
│       ├── SKILL.md             # Core workflow (Level 2)
│       ├── REFERENCE.md         # Detailed implementation (Level 3)
│       ├── EXAMPLES.md          # Usage scenarios (Level 3)
│       ├── SECURITY.md          # Security best practices (Level 3)
│       ├── METADATA.md          # Version and licensing (Level 3)
│       ├── scripts/             # Orchestration and CLI wrapper scripts
│       └── templates/           # Peer review + chairman prompt templates
├── hooks/
│   ├── hooks.json               # Hook configuration
│   ├── session-start.sh         # SessionStart hook (environment setup)
│   ├── pre-tool.sh              # Pre-execution validation
│   ├── post-tool.sh             # Post-execution verification
│   └── README.md                # Hook documentation and troubleshooting
├── scripts/                     # Development and diagnostic scripts
├── docs/
│   ├── INSTALL.md               # Installation and setup guide
│   └── TROUBLESHOOTING.md       # Comprehensive troubleshooting guide
├── tests/
│   ├── test_runner.sh           # Main test suite
│   ├── test_hooks.sh            # Hook-specific tests
│   └── test_codex_integration.sh# Codex integration tests
├── CLAUDE.md                    # Project context for Claude Code
├── AGENTS.md                    # Repository guidelines and standards
├── header.png                   # Header image
└── README.md                    # This file
```

### Skill Architecture - Progressive Disclosure Pattern

The council-orchestrator skill follows the official progressive disclosure pattern (2025):

- **SKILL.md** (Level 2) - Core workflow and quick-start guide (~8.5KB)
  - Loaded when skill is activated
  - Contains essential execution flow
  - Links to detailed documentation

- **REFERENCE.md** (Level 3) - Detailed bash implementation (~16KB)
  - Loaded only when referenced
  - Manual execution procedures
  - Advanced configuration options

- **EXAMPLES.md** (Level 3) - Usage scenarios and troubleshooting (~14KB)
  - Loaded only when referenced
  - Real-world usage patterns
  - Error recovery procedures

- **SECURITY.md** (Level 3) - Security best practices (~6.7KB)
  - Loaded only when referenced
  - Input validation patterns
  - Threat model and mitigations

- **METADATA.md** (Level 3) - Version history and licensing (~1KB)
  - Loaded only when referenced
  - Changelog and compatibility info

**Benefits:**
- Reduces Level 2 context consumption by ~65%
- Faster skill loading
- On-demand access to detailed docs
- Better maintainability

## License

MIT License - See LICENSE file for details.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Run tests: `./tests/test_runner.sh`
4. Submit a pull request

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by [karpathy/llm-council](https://github.com/karpathy/llm-council): LLM Council works together to answer your hardest questions - GitHub, accessed November 25, 2025
- OpenAI for the Codex CLI
- Google for the Gemini CLI
- Anthropic for Claude Code and the plugin system

Commit message:

docs: improve documentation for hook blocking issue (fixes #26)
This commit enhances documentation to help users resolve the hook
blocking issue when they have outdated cached plugin versions.

Changes:
- Add CHANGELOG.md to track version history and breaking changes
- Add prominent troubleshooting section in INSTALL.md Common Issues
- Add Documentation section in README.md with links to all docs
- Reference diagnostic script (verify-plugin-version.sh) for quick fix

The underlying hook validation bug was already fixed in commit 78ac404,
but users with cached older versions still experience the issue. This
documentation update provides clear guidance for affected users.

Issue: #26 - PreTool Hook Overly Strict – Legitimate Shell Operators Blocked
Root cause: Outdated cached plugin with old hook validation logic
Solution: Clear cache and reinstall, or run diagnostic script

README.md, after:

# LLM Council Plugin for Claude Code

![LLM Council Header](header.png)

A multi-model consensus engine that integrates OpenAI Codex CLI, Google Gemini CLI, and Claude CLI for collaborative code review and problem-solving.

## Overview

The LLM Council summons multiple AI models to deliberate on your technical questions. Each model provides its perspective, reviews its peers' answers, and a chairman synthesizes everything into a final verdict.

### How It Works

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    LLM COUNCIL WORKFLOW                      │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                             │
│  Stage 1: Opinion Collection (Parallel)                     │
│  ┌─────────┐   ┌─────────┐   ┌─────────┐                   │
│  │ Claude  │   │  Codex  │   │ Gemini  │                   │
│  └────┬────┘   └────┬────┘   └────┬────┘                   │
│       │             │             │                         │
│       v             v             v                         │
│  Stage 2: Peer Review (Cross-examination)                   │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────┐                   │
│  │ Each model reviews others' answers  │                   │
│  └─────────────────────────────────────┘                   │
│                      │                                      │
│                      v                                      │
│  Stage 3: Chairman Synthesis                                │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────┐                   │
│  │ Claude Opus synthesizes the verdict │                   │
│  └─────────────────────────────────────┘                   │
│                                                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

You need at least one CLI installed. For full council functionality, install all three:

| CLI | Installation | Required |
|-----|--------------|----------|
| Claude | [code.claude.com](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/setup) | Yes |
| Codex | `npm install -g @openai/codex` | No |
| Gemini | `npm install -g @google/gemini-cli` | No |

### Installation

For a full installation and debugging walkthrough, see `docs/INSTALL.md`.

#### Option A: Install via Marketplace (Recommended)

In Claude Code, run these commands:

```bash
# Add the marketplace
/plugin marketplace add xrf9268-hue/llm-council-plugin

# Install the plugin
/plugin install llm-council-plugin@llm-council
```

Alternatively, you can add via Git URL:
```bash
/plugin marketplace add https://github.com/xrf9268-hue/llm-council-plugin.git
```

#### Option B: Local Development

Clone this repo and make scripts executable:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/xrf9268-hue/llm-council-plugin.git .claude-plugins/llm-council
chmod +x .claude-plugins/llm-council/hooks/*.sh .claude-plugins/llm-council/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/*.sh
```

#### ⚠️ Troubleshooting Hook Issues

If you see errors like **"BLOCKED: Detected potentially dangerous pattern: &&"**, your cached plugin is outdated.

**Quick fix:**
```bash
# Run diagnostic script
./scripts/verify-plugin-version.sh

# Or manually update cache
rm -rf ~/.claude/plugins/cache/llm-council-plugin
# Then reinstall the plugin
```

See [docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) for comprehensive troubleshooting guidance.

### Usage

#### Using the Slash Command

In Claude Code, use the `/council` command:

```
/council "How should I implement rate limiting in a Node.js API?"
```

Each `/council` run:

- Resets the `.council/` working directory for this session.
- Runs opinion collection, peer review, and chairman synthesis.
- Displays the final report in chat and saves it to `.council/final_report.md`.

When you no longer need files from previous sessions, you can clean up with:

```
/council-cleanup
```

#### Using the Skill Directly

Invoke the `council-orchestrator` skill for more control:

```
Use the council-orchestrator skill to answer: "What's the best approach for database connection pooling?"
```

#### Running Scripts Manually

For debugging or customization:

```bash
# Resolve plugin root (works for both local dev and marketplace installations)
PLUGIN_ROOT="${COUNCIL_PLUGIN_ROOT:-${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT:-${CLAUDE_PROJECT_DIR}}}"

# Stage 1: Collect opinions
"${PLUGIN_ROOT}/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/run_parallel.sh" "Your question here"

# Stage 2: Run peer reviews
"${PLUGIN_ROOT}/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/run_peer_review.sh" "Your question here" .council

# Stage 3: Generate chairman prompt
"${PLUGIN_ROOT}/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/run_chairman.sh" "Your question here" .council
```

## Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `/council <query>` | Summon the council for a technical question |
| `/council-cleanup` | Delete the `.council/` working directory and all session files |
| `/council-help` | Display usage information and examples |
| `/council-status` | Check CLI availability and configuration |
| `/council-config` | Manage council settings |

## Configuration

Configuration is stored in `~/.council/config`. Available settings:

| Setting | Default | Description |
|---------|---------|-------------|
| `enabled_members` | `claude,codex,gemini` | Which CLIs to use |
| `min_quorum` | `2` | Minimum responses required |
| `timeout` | `120` | CLI timeout in seconds |
| `max_prompt_length` | `10000` | Maximum prompt length |

### Example Configuration

```bash
# Resolve path to council_utils.sh
PLUGIN_ROOT="${COUNCIL_PLUGIN_ROOT:-${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT:-${CLAUDE_PROJECT_DIR}}}"
source "${PLUGIN_ROOT}/skills/council-orchestrator/scripts/council_utils.sh"

# Enable only Claude and Codex
config_set enabled_members "claude,codex"

# Adjust timeout
config_set timeout 180
```

## Output Files

During execution, the council creates files in the `.council/` directory:

```
.council/
├── stage1_claude.txt      # Claude's initial response
├── stage1_openai.txt      # Codex's initial response
├── stage1_gemini.txt      # Gemini's initial response
├── stage2_review_claude.txt   # Claude's peer review
├── stage2_review_openai.txt   # Codex's peer review
├── stage2_review_gemini.txt   # Gemini's peer review
└── final_report.md        # Chairman's synthesized verdict
```

The `.council/` directory always represents the **most recent** `/council` run. A new `/council` invocation will reset this directory before starting a fresh session, so previous session files are never mixed into a new deliberation. Use `/council-cleanup` if you want to remove the directory entirely when you no longer need the latest session's files.

## Final Report Format

The chairman produces a structured Markdown report:

```markdown
# LLM Council Verdict

## Executive Summary
[One-paragraph overview of the consensus]

## Council Participation
| Member | Status | Key Position |
|--------|--------|--------------|
| Claude | Present | ... |
| Codex  | Present | ... |
| Gemini | Absent  | N/A |

## Consensus Points
- Point 1
- Point 2

## Areas of Disagreement
### Topic 1
- Claude: [position]
- Codex: [position]

## Final Recommendation
[Synthesized answer incorporating all perspectives]
```

## Graceful Degradation

The council handles failures gracefully:

- **One CLI unavailable**: Council proceeds with remaining members
- **Empty response**: Member marked as "absent" in report
- **Timeout**: Member terminated and marked absent
- **Rate limits**: Automatic retry with exponential backoff

### Quorum Requirements

- Minimum 2 responses required for peer review stage
- Council can produce a verdict with just 1 response (degraded mode)
- Missing members are clearly noted in the final report

## Testing

Run the test suite:

```bash
# Run all tests (council + hooks)
./tests/test_runner.sh

# Run hook tests separately
./tests/test_hooks.sh

# Run specific test category
./tests/test_runner.sh unit_council_init
./tests/test_runner.sh partial_failure_simulation
```

### Test Categories

- `unit_*` - Unit tests for utility functions
- `integration_*` - Script existence and permissions
- `happy_path_*` - Full flow with real CLIs
- `edge_*` - Edge cases (empty prompts, special characters)
- `partial_failure_*` - Simulated CLI failures
- `total_failure_*` - Complete failure scenarios

## Troubleshooting

**For comprehensive troubleshooting guidance, see [docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md).**

### Common Issues

#### "Claude CLI is required but not available"

Install the Claude Code CLI:

```bash
# Visit https://code.claude.com/docs/en/setup for installation instructions
```

#### "Quorum not met"

At least 2 responses are needed for peer review. Check:

1. Are the CLIs properly authenticated?
2. Are there rate limit issues?
3. Check `.council/stage1_*.txt` files for error messages

#### "Empty response from [CLI]"

The CLI returned nothing. Common causes:

- Authentication expired
- Rate limit exceeded
- Network issues

Check the output file for error details:

```bash
cat .council/stage1_claude.txt
```

#### Hooks Not Running

Ensure hooks are configured in `hooks/hooks.json` and scripts are executable:

```bash
chmod +x hooks/session-start.sh hooks/pre-tool.sh hooks/post-tool.sh
```

See [hooks/README.md](hooks/README.md) for detailed hook troubleshooting.

## Security

### Input Validation

Prompts are validated for:
- Shell injection patterns (backticks, `$()`, pipes)
- Maximum length (10,000 characters default)
- Null bytes

### Output Sanitization

Post-execution hooks check for:
- API key leakage
- Rate limit indicators
- Error patterns

## Architecture

### Project Structure

```
llm-council-plugin/
├── .claude-plugin/
│   ├── plugin.json              # Plugin manifest
│   └── marketplace.json         # Marketplace metadata
├── agents/                      # Sub-agent definitions (chairman, etc.)
├── commands/                    # Slash commands (/council, /council-cleanup, ...)
├── skills/
│   └── council-orchestrator/
│       ├── SKILL.md             # Core workflow (Level 2)
│       ├── REFERENCE.md         # Detailed implementation (Level 3)
│       ├── EXAMPLES.md          # Usage scenarios (Level 3)
│       ├── SECURITY.md          # Security best practices (Level 3)
│       ├── METADATA.md          # Version and licensing (Level 3)
│       ├── scripts/             # Orchestration and CLI wrapper scripts
│       └── templates/           # Peer review + chairman prompt templates
├── hooks/
│   ├── hooks.json               # Hook configuration
│   ├── session-start.sh         # SessionStart hook (environment setup)
│   ├── pre-tool.sh              # Pre-execution validation
│   ├── post-tool.sh             # Post-execution verification
│   └── README.md                # Hook documentation and troubleshooting
├── scripts/                     # Development and diagnostic scripts
├── docs/
│   ├── INSTALL.md               # Installation and setup guide
│   └── TROUBLESHOOTING.md       # Comprehensive troubleshooting guide
├── tests/
│   ├── test_runner.sh           # Main test suite
│   ├── test_hooks.sh            # Hook-specific tests
│   └── test_codex_integration.sh# Codex integration tests
├── CLAUDE.md                    # Project context for Claude Code
├── AGENTS.md                    # Repository guidelines and standards
├── header.png                   # Header image
└── README.md                    # This file
```

### Skill Architecture - Progressive Disclosure Pattern

The council-orchestrator skill follows the official progressive disclosure pattern (2025):

- **SKILL.md** (Level 2) - Core workflow and quick-start guide (~8.5KB)
  - Loaded when skill is activated
  - Contains essential execution flow
  - Links to detailed documentation

- **REFERENCE.md** (Level 3) - Detailed bash implementation (~16KB)
  - Loaded only when referenced
  - Manual execution procedures
  - Advanced configuration options

- **EXAMPLES.md** (Level 3) - Usage scenarios and troubleshooting (~14KB)
  - Loaded only when referenced
  - Real-world usage patterns
  - Error recovery procedures

- **SECURITY.md** (Level 3) - Security best practices (~6.7KB)
  - Loaded only when referenced
  - Input validation patterns
  - Threat model and mitigations

- **METADATA.md** (Level 3) - Version history and licensing (~1KB)
  - Loaded only when referenced
  - Changelog and compatibility info

**Benefits:**
- Reduces Level 2 context consumption by ~65%
- Faster skill loading
- On-demand access to detailed docs
- Better maintainability

## Documentation

- **[INSTALL.md](docs/INSTALL.md)** - Detailed installation and setup guide
- **[TROUBLESHOOTING.md](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)** - Comprehensive troubleshooting for common issues
- **[CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)** - Version history and breaking changes
- **[AGENTS.md](AGENTS.md)** - Repository guidelines and development standards
- **[hooks/README.md](hooks/README.md)** - Hook behavior and security model

## License

MIT License - See LICENSE file for details.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Run tests: `./tests/test_runner.sh`
4. Submit a pull request

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by [karpathy/llm-council](https://github.com/karpathy/llm-council): LLM Council works together to answer your hardest questions - GitHub, accessed November 25, 2025
- OpenAI for the Codex CLI
- Google for the Gemini CLI
- Anthropic for Claude Code and the plugin system
